tree 

car 

cat 

dog

algorithm
There is usually more than one way to solve a problem. There may be many different recipes to make a certain dish which looks different but ends up tasting the same when all is said and done. The same is true for algorithms. Some of these ways will be better than others. If a recipe needs lots of complicated ingredients that you do not have, it is not as a good as a simple recipe. When we look at algorithms as a way of solving problems, often we want to know how long it would take a computer to solve the problem using a particular algorithm. We like our algorithm to take the least amount of time so that we can solve our problem quickly.

food
Food is what people and animals eat. Food usually comes from animals or plants. It is eaten by living things to provide energy and nutrition. Food contains the nutrition that people and animals need to be healthy.
Food shortage is still a big problem in the world today. Many people do not have enough money to buy the food that they need. Bad weather or other problems sometimes destroy the growing food in one part of the world. When people do not have enough food, we say that they are hungry. If they do not eat enough food for a long time, they will become sick and die from starvation.

Candy
Candy is found in almost any store because they are made in many companies. Candy can also be made at home. Many people like candy and think it tastes good. Other people do not like it. Candy contains lots of sugar, so it is not very healthy. It is the most common snacking food, and there are hundreds of shapes and sizes.

Building
Building is one of the most ancient human skills. It is part of how we have survived and it is the clearest symbol of every civilization. Although some other animals build simple structures, humans have learned to build in a great many different ways We build mostly for shelter. Buildings can shelter people, or animals, or machinery, or anything. The simplest building is just a roof. Adding walls gives more shelter, from the wind or rain. It also gives security.

Family
A family is a group of people who live together. They share their money and food and take care of one another. Its members are either genetically related or legally bound to each other.
A family is said to be society´s smallest unit. Family life is more private and intimate than public life. But in most countries there are laws for it. For example, there are restrictions for marrying within the family and bans for having a sexual relationship with relatives.

Wood
Wood is the main substance in trees. It is used for making fires and heating. Wood is very hard to cut. It is also very strong. A lumberjack is a person who cuts down trees. After a tree falls, the wood in it can be cut into long, straight pieces called lumber. Lumber can then be used to make posts or wooden frames. Regular pencils are made of wood. Wood is turned into paper in large factories called paper mills.